Update `authentication` field for Telegram bot actions (#39882)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/telegram_bot.markdown

| `caption`              | yes      | The title of the image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `authentication`       | yes      | Define which authentication method to use. Set to `basic` for HTTP basic authentication, `digest` for HTTP digest authentication, or `bearer_token` for OAuth 2.0 bearer token authentication.                                                                                                                           |
| `username`             | yes      | Username for a URL which requires HTTP `basic` or `digest` authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL which require authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL that requires authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| `caption`              | yes      | The title of the video.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `authentication`       | yes      | Define which authentication method to use. Set to `basic` for HTTP basic authentication, `digest` for HTTP digest authentication, or `bearer_token` for OAuth 2.0 bearer token authentication.                                                                                                                           |
| `username`             | yes      | Username for a URL which requires HTTP `basic` or `digest` authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL which require authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL that requires authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| `caption`              | yes      | The title of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `authentication`       | yes      | Define which authentication method to use. Set to `basic` for HTTP basic authentication, `digest` for HTTP digest authentication, or `bearer_token` for OAuth 2.0 bearer token authentication.                                                                                                                           |
| `username`             | yes      | Username for a URL which requires HTTP `basic` or `digest` authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL which require authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL that requires authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| `caption`              | yes      | The title of the voice message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `authentication`       | yes      | Define which authentication method to use. Set to `basic` for HTTP basic authentication, `digest` for HTTP digest authentication, or `bearer_token` for OAuth 2.0 bearer token authentication.                                                                                                                           |
| `username`             | yes      | Username for a URL which requires HTTP `basic` or `digest` authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL which require authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL that requires authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| `sticker_id`           | no       | ID of a sticker that exists  on telegram servers. The ID can be found by sending a sticker to your bot and querying the telegram-api method [getUpdates](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#getting-updates) or by using the [@idstickerbot](https://t.me/idstickerbot)                                   |
| `authentication`       | yes      | Define which authentication method to use. Set to `basic` for HTTP basic authentication, `digest` for HTTP digest authentication, or `bearer_token` for OAuth 2.0 bearer token authentication.                                                                                                                           |
| `username`             | yes      | Username for a URL which requires HTTP `basic` or `digest` authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL which require authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL that requires authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| `caption`              | yes      | The title of the document.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `authentication`       | yes      | Define which authentication method to use. Set to `basic` for HTTP basic authentication, `digest` for HTTP digest authentication, or `bearer_token` for OAuth 2.0 bearer token authentication.                                                                                                                           |
| `username`             | yes      | Username for a URL which requires HTTP `basic` or `digest` authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL which require authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `password`             | yes      | Password (or bearer token) for a URL that requires authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
